hi to all of you guys giuseppe di
be welcome in this new video
dragon ball server so far there boy
i want to follow a blanc guide that in
68 a dear friend of mine who makes videos too
precisely on dragon sanders to climb
very quickly I level you
I leave his channel description me
I recommend visiting it because it really does
so many videos on dragon ball servers that
I know you like them
so for this reason I tell you the
this is the mission to do here or the
return of the great apes that if not
mistake is one of the latest additions with
third of the league symbol the super gocoo
sayan woods super saviano so to speak
so this will really access a
brothel of experience for which raga
let's start the big blasi guide
is to exploit the move of a
character or buster among other things
one of my favourites
or the move is blue hurricane because
a brothel of time lasts and therefore for
more time for a long time
therefore it manages to remove so much energy
guys I choose him
here today we choose two characters
random that can be precisely be a
nice goal that grows in the super sayan god
super sayan then raga we have a
mission if we can do everything like
expected within about 5 6 minutes
we will be able to finish the mission
itself and therefore to obtain a brothel
of experience we see but here we are
on the other side should be the
then the tactics plain
consists in trying to remove this
sort of protection he therefore has in
practice that gianni yellow bar
yellowish that as we want
to define it unfortunately sometimes we say that
I light the zoo the monkeys as you want
call them do not get caught like that
easily and then to note that walter is
a character a little weak then
maybe we try to attack him like this
normally this is right to distract him
however it continues to attack us
we move away and in the meantime that is
distracted we also recharge a
little at maximum power the
our classroom now guys let's go back
of him
we try to take away him or my mom you are
turned suddenly here put it
down but removed an energy brothel
I'm a coward , I have to grab his tail
I obviously remind you that for
grab it you have to press l 1 and circle
look how the hell does it
being a fool there is what we are
making coconut and vegeta I might know
this is because my practice is there
enemy we know they turn on themselves at least
before and now as you can see I put it down
so guys now start the tactics
with the blue hurricane then we start the
move and as you can see I can hit for
so long look at that continues
I can almost remove all of it
the energy to my enemy is indeed here
in the head a single blue hurricane like
precisely said by blasi that in his video
the enemy goes to the ground
now let's see a bit then how you see a
process also quite fast
now we go to the mountains here we are
also arrived on the other side of this
time we go with the charge to maximum
power because we have to be
very ready with the hurricane bluff
damn it struck me
let's see if I can grab his tail
I'm in a bad position my mom
we immediately put a cure because not
I want nasty surprises go down to
turn and try to attack a go
that we immediately put it down so well
guys really wanna see how much
experience gives us I do not know whether to hope
whether there is also a bard or not because
basically guys if I'm not mistaken
it should be there to make the conclusion
supreme the possibility of challenging also
a fourth ape in addition to napa
vegetates and baby in that case I wonder if
in the event that speer assimo also barda
we get more experience than stopping
what or rather I didn't notice
so we'll find out together in the case in
which happened now also this time
we use the hurricane crane to put
completely our carpet
enemy
let's see and then raga again with
a single blow but earth but maybe all
the 80 which by the way is okay maybe not
I know if you know it but I am the le
saiyan monkeys again
with a single blow they go to the ground perhaps
they all have the same life now let's see
a little where we have to go to the area
desert so guys let's go further
important arrived from the other side here
here as expected there is the great monkey
baby we recharge c this time too
the kit as you see there is a process
fast enough within three minutes
and a half we last
all already two very dear monkeys e
this time too, Rome is well rejected
so then thrown him perhaps one
quite a bit stronger than the others I don't know
gift we discover together to hit it so it is
we need almost always
grab his tail otherwise there is little
to do
let's see, I can put it on the ground
raga because when it does not put you down
also take away a little bit of energy
even if little
so guys we go there again this time
of blue hurricane and we try to
defeat him if you look I believe that
we can put it on the ground I believe
absolutely yes
here's cloth do not know what has to do
so he concludes and we have finished here no
here is attention and how it will arrive
a new enemy boys should be
true a bit in that area maybe at
exact mountains we go there, here we are
arrived from the other side very much
well and arrives barda carega we must
destroy it quickly because I want to
see if in about five minutes
we can do this by
there we have about forty seconds
that then this but you have to do with us
moment we are busy we can
let's do shit here then
let's see what and how it helps me to do so
we remove it from the boxes this is not
is that he then has a very low life eh
oh well if it is working then vegeta
it's up to him
in the meantime, not not feeling there
you have it that is, he is busy with
then take care of pavia
here is what you say you are dealing with
I'll leave it to you for the time being
a little busy then damn it
be careful and try to grab now
but I have to go down a little bit
damn places grandparents keys
away
I think guys that keeps me away when
in practice there are no other enemies that
they distract him
here is if for example later and vegetates there
help now the situation would be
much simpler
so let's see a little bit of
delete this rom li ray evil that
devil of name struck very well
you have received excellent material and now the
boy h to the monkey
let's see now let's try to grab them
the tail I remind you is l 1 and circle
because so many times when he fought
against the monkeys in some videos I have
You have done it in the past all the time
asked so I prefer to see it again more
sometimes damn it but move away from it
I continue then try to weaken it
so it goes to confuse him a little
let's try again now let's see grab the
here you see so we have to kind give him
a couple of shots first to distract him
that is to say to divert her
attention from him I do not know is this
once instead there has been a bad problem
a good idea could also be
that of making two blue ghani care in
so as to remove it creates sleep
think about it half of life
yellow if we want to call it and then
half of the red life then with the second
hurricane we can remove at the end
all the other life so it goes well it's not
served at the moment we are going to do
this other blue hurricane I think very well
that I 'm hitting it wrong from the creeds
that we will be able to defeat him and behold
here girls within six minutes 7
minutes we defeated well
four great apes and now let's see
a little how much experience gives us kids
look a little like really salt
quite a lot this is indeed
one of the missions that gives more experience
so little girl can also
in fact, going to level 86 is enough for you
notice a single time to try again
this mission and then look also
how much stuff from or all sports of
gohan mister satan crest and all the
rest
I will really use this very often
guide because I need to get to
high levels in order to continue
training with our master or
ex kyu shin because then I want too
show you a little how it will take place then
guys I thank you for seeing
this video we exceed 2,000 likes
and therefore I remind you that in description
find the link to the blasi channel that
in 68 which obviously could not fail
mention given that the guide was
made by him therefore ragazzoni
follow me on facebook and instagram
linking description and the next hello